All right. This is attorney Sherrod Seward going through the process of how the petition should be generated and written when we're doing our visa petitions with the visa petition generator produced by us. When I do through this, I'm doing it from the context as I'm actually in the tool going through what exists now. and kind of going through the process this way. So right now I'm on the first page where you put in your name and everything. I'm gonna do this using somebody. Let's see, I'm gonna pause it while I choose who to use. All right, so we're back and we're gonna be using a person named Mark Lou, who's apparently big in vibe coding. So I put their full name as that. It's a professionalized bed, world class. five coder with gen ai tools visa type i'm going to pick a one a the visa type is very important to pick that because that's going to determine how the rest of the research and stuff like that works and then you'll have the address of course for email which may not work right now and i will get um information about the of this person. This one, I'm not sure how it goes into AI, how it looks at it and says whether it is nationality or the current immigration status is factored into the analysis and execution. French. And I seem to have ESTA. Live coding and hacking professional. Okay. So then we'll look them up. So right here we can go to AI lookup and this AI lookup should be using perplexity to come up with probably about ten to twelve high quality sources on this person that we can use to show that it's them. So it's doing that right now and it's using perplexity to do that. At least I think it is using perplexity to do that. If not, it's using Claude to do that. And it usually takes about ten to fifteen seconds for it to confirm some information about the person. Ideally, we could have it if they chose a visa category that it kind of looks for this too. Right now you have perplexity AI search found in fifteen sources. We don't necessarily need to let it know that we're using perplexity. So then we're going to go use these sources. Now here we're now at the step three, which is review the information background and additional information. One thing that we can see is that when we click the generate with AI button and we have stuff, we put additional information. when that AI is done, the additional information will go. So it's almost like you have to wait for it to kind of go. So right now we're generating with AI and I'm not going to put any notes into the additional information, which is marked as optional just because it'll disappear anyway when the generated content is put there. So right now I'm waiting for that to happen and it's here. Let's talk about his rep news. Shitfest. And he's made some money. He has a Twitter account. Generates stuff like that. He will be doing an agent based on a petition that he can start several businesses in the United States and then the ready to work for freelance jobs all on the same visa. All right, so next we go to add URLs and upload files. Now, this is something to where it would be great if there was an additional feature here where you can be like automatically add URLs. And what it basically would do is have a prompt, the best prompt that says, hey, find information that's relevant on point to the visa categories for that person. And then when it's there, you can go ahead and verify those links and erase the ones that aren't good. It'll say, I'll detect these many links. You go through and comb them for which ones are responsive, which ones aren't. And it'll be based on a prompt that is great for doing a web search using perplexity for those particular type of visa and the categories that fit to that person. And then if there's additional notes about what type of coaching they've done, like maybe they're looking for comparable evidence, there should be a box there that will also go and look to see what type of projects and pupils they're associated with that may have won awards. So that way those can be included under comparable evidence if that is chosen, which should probably be done in addition to the additional information at the stage before putting in the URLs would be great. Since this particular case, we do not have one this feature in already. And anyway, should be doing anyways that perplexity should be used in the major research to find those additional URLs anyway that are associated with that person. and then finding the URLs that will show the significance of each of those publications for each one of those. And then it should be looking for comparable evidence if that is included in there too. If they put information about a petitioner, put that in there too. If they put any information about a support letter writer or a job offer, the information and background on that should be going first too. So it should fill the categories first with URLs and then get information on the status of those euros as it marks it by strength of weight and has the backup to show the viewership of that particular one and then if indicated that there is some there should be looking for um comparable evidence whether it be the awards of a project they worked on or the awards of an individual that they had a significant contribution uh to and then also We should be looking at the parties involved if they're there. If they mention a petitioner, a letter writer, something like that, there should be some additional information that is gathered from them on that. And this should be the same for the PDFs. They should look to see what it's about and then mark that down. So right now I'm going to take some time out to see what O-one stuff is out there for this person. Look at more URLs that are on point for an O-A file. For this person, be sure to include links about comparative evidence theories if they apply in his show. Hey! Lisa! Are you going to help him? No. Yeah, okay. So it's looking for more information now. Hey, you see that hole? You can squeeze through. When I say go, you crawl up to that wall and you squeeze through. You don't come out until I say, okay? You're not going to hit you. Hey. I'm not gonna hit you. Stay down, stay low, stay quiet. Good. Go! All right, so it's still looking for those files. It's looking for links. It's really important that this is going through the research way that we want, where it goes, and finds the initial research. Then it looks at the visa category, tries to map those out according to what the visa category is. It looks at comparable evidence if that is indicated should be there, goes finds the projects and stuff like that, that it should be around and do that. Then it will go and look at the sources and look at the hierarchy of the sources and get information that will show how good or how in opt these are. so so No, no, no, it's okay. It's okay. It's over. We're not fighting anymore. I'm going to go home. I'll tell everyone you're good. I don't know what to do. All right. So then we're going to keep going. So now we've got the complete URL list. And it's very important to go get those sources after it and go through the comparable evidence. What I will do is give a. I will make a example of what it looked up as far as the original links and these links here after looking through it. Get back behind the wall. No, no, no, no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please, please. We can just stop. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please, please. No, no, no, please. No, please. Please, please. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please stop. Please stop. Stop. Stop. There's some stuff against the door. All right, so I'm going to get the original links around this person. I'm OK. I'm good. I got your number and I got your light. So what now? All right. For some reason, it's not letting me face. All right. Here's the original links that I will give to you. Then we have the links. After prompting to find more links that are on point. So go grab those. All right. Now we said like, okay, I'll say now we need to know the strength of each of the sources. So we need you to give the sources behind. each of these. Sources that you found keeping emphasis on the ones with the most prestige and clout. That is backed up by real evidence. By online footprint. All right. So now we're looking at the sources to make sure that these are right for the petition. And I'm going to put those links that we have in the tool. So it says detected forty eight URLs and you should be able to. take out the ones that you don't want, stuff like that. And of course it has generation petition documents. So we're gonna add those. Now they're all in there. And we go to generate the petition documents. And this is where we're gonna get into the stage by stage of how this works. Okay. I'll say, like, and you tell me step by step how you proceed once the generate petition button is pressed. I need a file. that really goes through accurately step by step. This goes and put into a file so that I can't adjust Who did this? I think it was outside. I found a truck loaded. It's not a federal vehicle, but they were heavily supplied. Could be Brooks. Well, if Henry has a radio, maybe he found someone out there. Maybe he called these guys in. Will he live? What if I have a doctor? There's no chance. I'm sorry. right so it's uh looking through this and creating a seventy five page analysis and all that um what we'll do probably is open some of these up and go through them one by one and see like how helpful that they are or not um i believe there's some in here so we'll just send this this is henry's work understand And he won't stop until we stop them. Find who did this. So he tried to go through each one of these. And kill them all. So we'll see if all these documents even mean something that's useful to us, because it is a lot to look at. All right. So we have the finally the strength of the Source credibility analysis. Just somewhere that should probably be in here. Got the wrong thing. Are you okay? I'm all right. All right, so let's go grab this. We'll look at the sources. Yeah. Wikipedia should never be included as a source, especially one of strength. You shouldn't have to. All right. So now let's go and look at the actual documents and see what's helpful versus like what is not going one through four. I mean, it's my fault. You shouldn't have. Still in drafts or what's up? I'm in the wrong email box. Yeah, let's get these documents right. All right. So let's see if we can find. So first we've got a comprehensive analysis. Right. well all okay so I'm going to show a little bit and we're going to wait for that So one is the comprehensive potential analysis should have like a score with it, the criterion's argued. And then be a little bit more on point with this kind of like comprehensive analysis part. All right, so we have a workflow thing, okay. All right, so I'm gonna pull this whole thing up somewhere we can see it better. Yeah. Now we're running four screens. So I'm opening it up in another terminal just so we can pull up the repo. Pull up repo. These, uh. So I gotta pull it up that repo. I got it updated to GitHub. You're on food. Have more let Sam start. Double the guards around our positions. It's fucking close. I can feel it. Got it. What? I'm trying to push the gate yet. So we're pushing it to GitHub. Not yet. Let's just handle. What we have to handle, we can deal with this after. After. See you all off the building for now. Okay? Yeah. That was a problem. Okay. All right, so we're still messing with it. Go way up. Come on in and take a look at the city and find our way out. How far? As far as I can make it. All right. You know the guy who said he was hurt? Uh. How do you know if they're ambushed? I've been on both sides. It was a long time ago. We didn't even wait to survive. You mean Tess? The people we were with. My brother, too. Are you killing some people? So I'm gonna pause it so it doesn't get any extra stuff in here while we get the GitHub together. Okay, we're back. And now we have the GitHub repo. I'll call it to local. All right. Found it. It's cloning now. Um, Should be much shorter and say ratio of criteria claimed versus what it is going after, it should please explain what specific evidence is being considered for each particular category and then systematically get into nuances of the format of the petition and etc. Understand. And then we need a template that reflects this that is to always be used as the template for making this document. I used to be so scared of these people. I am going to give you an example of the publication analysis. And then let's talk about how to make this much better and useful. Did it make you feel better? Did it make you feel safe? How does it make you feel now? Well, I'm not, Fedra. Lucky for you. No one here has to die. Yeah, we could put you on trial. You're all guilty, so that's how that would go. And you'll do some time, easy. But first, you have to do something for me. Where is Henry? You're informers. Inform. Where is Henry? I guess they don't know. He's with Edel's team. Edelstein was a collaborator? He was a lot more discreet than you fucking idiots. Where are they? He said he was meeting up with him and said he had a place to hold up in the open city in case things went bad. But things have gone great. Haven't you heard? Kansas City is free. All right. Want to pause it? Alright, so we're back when I'm doing now is working on document to just kind of showing it what we is already working on because we had to switch computers to another. Terminal so we can get into repo. The other one looks like it froze up on us. Let me go ahead and make sure that that's still the case. It looks like it. That's OK, so I would keep two. It's extra stuff. So what we'll do is just in here. Let's give it a second and see if it did. So I'm copying it. Do a couple backspaces. Control V. See if that did anything. That doesn't work. Call it cloud code V two. I don't let it as a markdown file. Call it up. Previous conversation. Let me make sure I don't freeze this one up too. Yeah, so it's not froze. Just won't paste, I guess it's too big. useful for making the URL sources explanation better. There's a markdown file. OK, so let's go copy these into Linux. Joe! Eyes on me. Eyes on me. You don't have to worry about what to say. We don't want to hurt you. We want to help you. Okay. Okay, I don't know what the next step is or something like this. If I lower my gun, you get none of you. It's you and Gus. Right? That's right. It's a weird fucking tone, man. It's just the way he sounds. He has an asshole voice. Don't tell him he's okay. Everything was great. Dude. Fuck. Okay. This is you. You don't trust me. If either of you guys trying to think. Yeah. Yeah. Can I sit up? Slow. Yeah, slow. All right. So I was deep into that show. We have The two documents here, I'm gonna push control, copy, and let's find Linux. I'm going to... New folder. Let's see if we could just find these files. He's dead. Shit. Looks like this one was stuck too. So how come I cannot paste here? What if I can drag any files over there? How old is he? He's eight. Cool. I'm Ellie. Users IGTA. So let's try that. Let's open a new file explorer. We didn't kill each other. Let's call this a win-win. I'm betting. You all came up here to get a view of the city and plan a way out. When the sun's up, I'll show you now. Welcome to killer city. I'm Fedra. That was ten days ago, no? That was our killer city. okay so you find out where to put it at least today you do it because i live here and you don't that's how i followed you i know the city and that's going to help you get up okay There is a folder with a document that is older and about what document two used to look like. And we want it to look more like document two. But no emojis. Set stuff that is favorable for us to look at and it really breaks down what they want to know. So how are we getting All right, so now let's go to document number three. boom kansas city has a subway no but they do have maintenance times there's a bunch of buildings all put up by the same developers and they share these tunnels including that building here so we enter the tones here travel on the ground all right west side north residential there's new banging on the other So now let's do document three. It's a great point. So what do you need me for? You notice anything strange about the city? You know, the strange shit you've already seen? No effected? Oh, there's an effected. It's not on the surface. I just drove them underground fifteen years ago and never let them come back up. It's one of the good things about fascism. So you want us going to a tunnel? Everyone thinks that it's full of effects. including Kathleen, which means that we're not going to be running into any other people. But I know it. It's empty. You've been down there. No. But the federal guy that I worked with told me that it's clean, completely clean. He cleared it out. When? Three years ago. Okay. Maybe there's one or two. Okay. Okay. You ran into a clerk. Sure. And you're still alive. You see? They're the right people. If he gets bad down there, you turn around, run right back out the scene. Oh, that's your great player? No, that's my guy. He gets fucked, man. As far as I can tell. I'm gonna shut up. I'm just saying. I'll get out of sight. I'll finish this way. See? It's empty. The plan is good. The plan is good. You've been down here two seconds. You don't know anything. That's kind of impressive. It's not like that. Just punch right forward. You'll be ready to run. it's like okay I heard about places like this. People went underground after Outbreak Day. What happened to them? Maybe they didn't follow the rules and they all got infected. All right, so I'll go and pause it again. all right so we're back and right now what i want to do is change the document five to document four and that's the reason because it has like an analysis that i think that is important to then determine what the uh Stay here. What? If you don't move, he's not going to eat you. I'm trying to get in the house with the bag. I'm going to take a bath. It's dark and he has shit in him. Nobody's going to kill me. Then he's going to kill us. You trust me? All right. So what we want to do is take document five, which is the gap analysis. And we want to put that before four because we want to look at that, be honest with itself and then use that to bolster the arguments that are going to come that we're going to do anyway and make that document five. So what I'm doing now is I'm looking at the document five and letting it know kind of what we want to do. So this is the document that takes the evidence and bridges it and organizes it for the best arguments for then being presented in the legal Put the gun down. Slide it over to me. You're gonna stay up here for another hour. That's all you have to do. Please don't do it. Okay. Ah! Why do you think you're inspiring? Clear them. Okay. Thank you. You want to step on out? Take us some time? No? That's all right. It doesn't matter. I'll come out. Just let the kids go. No. Sorry. The girls with the man who killed Brian... Thank you. You don't understand. But I do. I know why you did what you did. But did you ever stop and think that maybe he was supposed to die? He's just a fucking kid. Well, kids die, Henry. They die all the time. You think the whole world revolves around him? That he's worth everything? Well, thanks. It's what happens when you fuck with fate. It's time, Henry. Enough! And that is the way it ends. so so so so Look around! Look around! No. Don't move back. Run! so so so so Okay. Mm hmm. It's easy when you're a kid anyway. You don't have anybody else relying on you. That's the hard part. Yeah, I think it would be nice if you said that. That's what I would want. What do you think, Mr? Show me the humble. I'm going to stop you here. I'm reaching. I'm going to stop you here. I'm going to stop you here. Yes.